Improve doc (#81)
ambanum/disinfo.quaidorsay.fr: README.md

# disinfo.quaidorsay.fr

> Repository for the landing page and the [encyclopedia](https://disinfo.quaidorsay.fr/encyclopedia) of disinfo.quaidorsay.fr website, others experiments' interfaces available on the website have their own repository you can find on the github's [AmbaNum organization](https://github.com/ambanum).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Landing page and [encyclopedia](https://disinfo.quaidorsay.fr/encyclopedia) of `disinfo.quaidorsay.fr`. Other experiments listed on the website have their own repository on the [AmbaNum GitHub organization](https://github.com/ambanum).
```

> > Dépôt de la page d'accueil et de l'[encyclopédie](https://disinfo.quaidorsay.fr/encyclopedia) du site disinfo.quaidorsay.fr, les interfaces des autres expériences disponibles sur le site ont leur propre dépôt que vous pouvez trouver sur l'[organisation Github AmbaNum](https://github.com/ambanum).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> La page d'accueil et l'[encyclopédie](https://disinfo.quaidorsay.fr/encyclopedia) du site `disinfo.quaidorsay.fr`. Les autres expériences présentées sur le site ont leur propre dépôt dans l'[organisation Github AmbaNum](https://github.com/ambanum).
```

## Encyclopedia

> The encyclopedia is a collaborative resource which aims at empowering all actors countering information manipulation to grow and improve. In this repository you can find the content in `_pages/en/encyclopedia`.<br />

Reviewer: Avoid HTML markup in Markdown. If you want to use a forced line break use a double anti slash at the end of the line. In the current case, I feel that a new paragraph is not an issue.

```suggestion
The encyclopedia is a collaborative resource which aims at empowering all actors countering information manipulation to grow and improve. In this repository you can find the content in `_pages/en/encyclopedia`.
```

bundle exec jekyll serve
```

> You can go to http://127.0.0.1:4000/ to see the result.

Reviewer: > Not sure that's necessary since this line is output by the server, and if the default port ever changes this line will be out of date.

## Deployment

> The deployment is done via [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com). Just push on the `master` branch to deploy on `ambanum.github.io`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployment is done with [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com). Just push to the `master` branch to deploy on `ambanum.github.io`.
```

> A `Nginx` reverse proxy is set up on `disinfo.quaidorsay.fr` to serve the content deployed on `ambanum.github.io`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Nginx reverse proxy is set up on `disinfo.quaidorsay.fr` to serve the content deployed on `ambanum.github.io`.
```
